All right, now,
let's go back to my mistake.
Everybody likes to talk about mistakes,
right?
Let's go back to my mistake.
You'll notice, if you do a comparison to
what I've got typed out here right now and
what is actually in the repository,
it is slightly different.
Because what I have typed out in
the repository is that I went ahead and
did my array concatenation right here.
Oops, I did it ahead
of time in which case,
We do want to compare this to charlesLeft.
And we do want to return only result.
Those are functionally equivalent
pieces of code just doing one operation
before doing it after, but
functionally equivalent pieces of code.
When I got tripped up in my copy, paste
preparing the repository is that I did
that for the one-block but
I didn't do it for the two-block.
So to make things consistent for
what you're gonna see,
let's make sure that we do this
same approach up here, which is,
Type a two in there,
spread out the spell word into an array.
We wanna check this against charsLeft,
and then we want to return result.
So those blocks should
now mirror each other.
This block will slightly differ from what
you currently see in the repository.
Maybe by the time you're
watching this video,
I'll have already patched the repository.
But anyway,
those two blocks should look the same
because they're doing the same thing.
It's just that we're doing it with two and
then we're doing it with
one letter candidates.
Yes?
>> Could you use two sets,
like one letter candidates and
two letter candidates
in spellwork function?
>> If you had wanted to pass
them as two separate sets, sure.
That would have muddied up the function
signature to spell word to pass in both
candidate lists, but there's no reason
why you couldn't have kept them separate.
All right, so let me restate the question.
They're basically saying,
should we special case a pre-check for
these before we attempt to do
the spelling of the whole word?
Should we look for
all of the single letter candidates and
match against any of the single letters
in our input word and do a pre-check for
those before invoking the recursive spell
word function which will then favor
two letter versions over
one letter versions?
I do not agree with that, and I actually
think that would be functionally
incorrect in some circumstances.
Because I do believe there are periodic
table elements where there is a character
that appears only as the second
character in a two letter symbol and
never appears as its
own individual letter.
That would be, I think,
the biggest functional trap.
I'd have to validate that, but
that's my instinct that that would fail.
But even if it was functionally okay
to do, I think a further special
casing of this, the question was,
what do you think about the trade-off?
A further special casing
where we pre-check for
stuff that we're then already
gonna check for later,
that is a premature optimization,
we'll say, or an immature optimization.
Our algorithm already checks for
the one letter candidates being in
there by default, and I don't think
avoiding a few iterations before we get
there on the whole is going to end up.
It's definitely not going to change or
improve the bigger order of
magnitude of this solution.
It might trim off in some cases and
might not trim off in others.
There's another question?
>> But to comment on that,
I would say that is the wrong way to go,
because you want to rule
out your large sets first,
because we want to return
the largest set possible.
So we want to get all of those
out of the set that we're
iterating before we match, so
we can use implicit negation.
>> Yeah.
>> Because we know everything that we've
already matched, we only look at single
characters for what isn't matched, and
that is a much lower overhead flow.
>> I agree with you.
However, in fairness, what was being asked
from the chat room is a valid question-
>> Yes, totally agree.
>> Because it's very similar to when
we were talking earlier in the workshop
about boundary box overlaps and
I said if you check for whether they
are overlapped that's more conditions
to check than to check for the reverse.
So they're effectively not checking for
one-letter candidates,
they're checking for the absence of
one-letter candidates as a way to
short-circuit not even going
into the spell word function.
So it's a valid approach in the similar
way we're checking a negated case to see
if we can short-circuit out early.
I just think in this particular case,
duplicating that logic into a special
case, first of all, duplicating logic,
then ends up creating either
a maintenance overhead or
a performance overhead if you then have
to call it as a separate function.
And secondly, probably my instinct is if
you were to work out the math on that,
it doesn't actually create any
statistical increase in your performance.
It increased your code overhead and
you didn't get anything for it,
would be my instinct here.
So what has this changed versus
the way that I solved it before?
Well, first,
before we answer that question,
let's just double check to make
sure I didn't make any mistakes,
because I probably did with
all my typing and retyping.
Let's just double check.
So we're gonna slide on over to our
browser here, we're gonna refresh.
No JavaScript errors, that's a good sign.
Let's try because, that still works.
How about accept?
How about pancreas, as I showed before?
Oops, I did have a JavaScript error,
what did I do wrong?
Spell word, this is why you run tests.
What does that say?
In just a moment here, or
it's returned value is not iterable.
There is an implied else
condition right here.
And it should return an empty array in
that case, because it wasn't a match.
And rather than putting that else
condition right there because I don't
actually want to return right there,
because I want to allow the one
candidates to go forward.
So I'd have to figure it around.
So I don't put the else
candidate here either.
So if both of those fall through,
then we get down here and
we return the empty array.
So I think my only problem
is that in my rush to,
My rush to remove lines of code,
I just should not have removed this one.
I don't know what I was thinking,
so sorry about that.
Let's try this again, just double check,
make sure that it works.
Okay, so
what's a takeaway from my mistake here?
A takeaway from my mistake
is that it is very important
that you have that reference
implementation to go back to.
Because if I couldn't have
figured out this bug, or
if I had been banging my head on this bug,
what would I have done?
I would have pulled back up my
reference implementation and
tried it with the exact same example and
seen if I got it to succeed or fail.
It might have been the case that I
had some corner case that I had not
come across.
So I would have gone back and tested
against the reference implementation to
verify that something about my
optimization had caused the problem,
as opposed to my algorithm.
So in this particular case,
the mistake that I made,
Was as I was reading off
the code that I needed to do, and
I deleted code a little too aggressively.
I should not have deleted line 91 here,
because that is my implied else condition.
If both of those two matches fail,
that's my implied else condition, and
I just accidentally deleted that line.
And that's why what's coming back from
spell word in that particular case,
in that case it was undefined
instead of an array, and
that's why we were getting
the JavaScript error that we got.